( buzzing )
( rattling )
♪ ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE ♪
ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE.
( whistling and buzzing )
( splat! )
( screaming )
♪ ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE. ♪
ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE.
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION]
THAT WAS A HOOT!
( big band music playing )
( wolves howling )
( coughing )
GOOD EVENING,
WOLF PACK MEMBERS...
( all howling )
WELCOME TO THE ANNUAL GATHERING
OF THE PACK ELDERS...
( growling )
FIRST, IS THERE
ANY OLD BUSINESS?
YES,
BROTHER BIG BAD.
THANK YOU, BROTHER ALPHA.
WITH THE PROFITS
FROM OUR LAST BAKE SALE
WE WILL BE BUYING
SHEEPSKIN SEAT COVERS
FOR THE NEXT MEETING.
( all howling )
WELL DONE.
SO, IF THERE'S
NO MORE OLD BUSINESS...
ON TO NEW BUSINESS.
GEORGE AND VIRGINIA,
ABOUT YOUR SON HEFFER--
IT HAS COME TO MY ATTENTION
THAT HE IS LONG OVERDUE
FOR HIS RITES OF PASSAGE.
IS THIS SO?
HAS HE BROUGHT HOME AN ELK YET?
WELL, YOU SEE,
HEFFER'S A GOOD BOY
BUT HE'S A LITTLE, UM,
PREDATORIALLY CHALLENGED.
I SEE HERE
HEFFER IS ACTUALLY A... COW?
HE'S A STEER!
WELL, THAT AS IT MAY BE
BUT IT DOESN'T EXCUSE HIM
FROM HIS PACK RESPONSIBILITIES.
TRADITION IS AN
IMPORTANT PART OF...
ALL RIGHT, ALREADY.
WE'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
JUST SEE THAT YOU DO.
NOW, I SEE
THE REFRESHMENTS
ARE HERE.
THIS MEETING WILL RECESS
TILL AFTER DINNER.
HOW HUMILIATING.
NOW, GEORGE,
DON'T WORRY.
WE'LL TALK TO HIM.
HE'LL UNDERSTAND.
( munching )
Virginia:
OH, HEFFER.
CAN WE HAVE A WORD
WITH YOU, DEAR?
( gulps ) SURE, MOM.
WHAT'S UP?
YOUR FATHER WANTS
TO TALK TO YOU.
SIT DOWN, SON.
SON, THERE, UH,
COMES A TIME
IN EVERY BOY'S LIFE
WHEN...
OH, DAD, IS THIS ABOUT
THE BIRDS AND THE BEES?
NO!
ARE YOU SURE?
YES, I'M SURE.
'CAUSE IF IT IS, I...
IT'S NOT ABOUT THAT.
IT'S ABOUT PASSING
FROM BOYHOOD TO MANHOOD.
OH, SO THIS  IS ABOUT THE...
VIRGINIA!
WHAT?
DEAR, WHAT YOUR FATHER
IS TRYING TO SAY
IS THAT YOU HAVE
CERTAIN TASKS TO PERFORM
BEFORE THE PACK
CONSIDERS YOU AN ADULT.
YOU HAVE TO BRING
AN ELK HOME FOR DINNER.
THAT'S IT?
WELL... YEAH.
WE KNOW THIS IS
A BIG ADJUSTMENT.
IS PETER GOING TO HAVE
TO PROVE  HIS MANHOOD?
( sarcastically ):
YEAH, THAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN.
I'M LATE FOR CLASS.
WHAT CLASS?
HERE WE GO, JUDGE, JUDGE, JUDGE.
HMM.
NOW, WHERE CAN I FIND AN ELK?
( dialing )
HELLO, ROCKO.
HI, HEFF, WHAT'S UP?
DO YOU KNOW WHERE
I CAN FIND AN ELK?
HMM...
HOW ABOUT THE ELK'S CLUB?
OOH, GOOD THINKING.
THANKS, ROCK.
ANY TIME.
( big band music playing )
( grunts )
WHERE DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE GOING?
MMM, INSIDE?
DON'T THINK SO.
WHY?
I'LL MAKE THIS SIMPLE.
YOU ARE A COW.
STEER.
WHATEVER.
THIS IS AN ELK'S CLUB.
BY DEFINITION, A CLUB FOR ELKS.
OOH... YEAH.
WHAT YOU WANT
IS A CLUB FOR COWS.
STEERS.
WHATEVER.
YEAH, BUT...
NO BUTS.
DO NOT FORCE ME TO USE
PHYSICAL PERSUASION.
OKAY, BUT, YOU SEE...
THAT'S IT.
( excitedly ):
OOH...
WEDGIE.
( yelling )
( crashing )
I'M AN ELK.
I HAVE ANTLERS.
YOU WANT A PRIZE?
( big band music playing )
WELL, IT'S MINGLING TIME.
HEY, WOULD YOU LIKE
TO MEET MY PARENTS?
WOULD YOU LIKE
TO HAVE DINNER WITH ME?
WE'LL GO BACK TO MY HOUSE,
YOU KNOW
WATCH SOME TV,
OR EAT SOME DINNER.
HOW ABOUT YOU?
ARE YOU HUNGRY?
( gasps )
( bell rings )
( sizzling )
( ducks quacking )
( bell rings )
( buzzer )
LOOK STUPID.
STUMBLE OVER.
HI.
MY NAME IS ELKIE.
WHAT'S YOURS?
FORGET NAME.
MY NAME IS TOM...
NO, WAIT!
THAT'S NOT RIGHT...
JEFF...
DAN... JOE...
BARTHOLOMEW...
TRY TO IMPRESS HER.
YOU'RE CUTE.
( gasping )
REALLY?
( pounding )
♪ SHE'S THE ELK OF MY DREAMS ♪
♪ AND THOUGH WE JUST MET
IT SEEMS ♪
♪ THAT SHE AND I
HAVE A DATE ♪
♪ WITH DESTINY! ♪
♪ SHE'S THE ELK OF MY DREAMS ♪
♪ SENT TO ME ON MOONBEAMS ♪
♪ I'M BUSTING OUT AT THE SEAMS ♪
♪ I CAN'T CONTROL
ALL MY SCREAMS ♪
♪ I'D EAT A MILLION ICE CREAMS ♪
♪ AND TAKE OUT
THREE FOOTBALL TEAMS ♪
♪ FOR THE ELK,
THE ELK OF MY DREAMS. ♪
THAT WAS LOVELY.
YOU LIKED IT?
YES, IT WAS REALLY SWEET.
I WOULD HAVE MADE IT LONGER
BUT I COULDN'T THINK OF ANYTHING
ELSE THAT RHYMED WITH "DREAMS."
HEY, YOU WANT TO GO FOR A SODA?
♪ TIME IS LIKE A STORY ♪
♪ YOU'VE NOT MET BEFORE ♪
♪ NEW BEGINNINGS,
FRESH IN EVERY WAY ♪
♪ NOW IS THE TIME
TO TAKE A CHANCE ♪
♪ GIVE IT YOUR ALL ONCE MORE ♪
♪ GO FOR A BULL'S-EYE,
DOUBLE TOP ♪
♪ HIT IT CENTER STAGE ♪
♪ TIME WILL BRING A CHANGE ♪
♪ SEASONS LONG AWAITED FOR ♪
♪ LOOK UP THE BRIGHT,
LOOK UP THE COOL ♪
♪ LOOK OUT,
IT'S GONNA GO AWAY... ♪
( crashing )
ELKIE?
YES, HEFF.
IF, UM, YOU'RE NOT BUSY
THIS SUNDAY
WOULD YOU LIKE TO, UM...
COME TO DINNER
AT MY PARENTS' HOUSE?
I'D LOVE TO.
GREAT!
I KNOW
MY FAMILY'S
JUST GOING
TO LOVE YOU.
George:
VIRGINIA
WHERE IS THAT BOY?
PATIENCE, DEAR.
( car crashes )
OOH, THAT SOUNDS
LIKE HIM.
IT'S ABOUT TIME,
I'M STARVING!
MOM, DAD, WE'RE HERE.
George:
OKAY, SON
DRAG HER IN.
I CAN'T WAIT TO...
HUH?
HOLD ON, BOYS,
I'LL HELP YOU...
OOH.
MOM, DAD, I WANT YOU
TO MEET ELKIE.
ELKIE, THIS IS MY FAMILY,
GEORGE AND VIRGINIA.
AND THIS IS
MY BROTHER PETER.
ALL RIGHT,
DINNER'S ARRIVED.
WHAT DOES
HE MEAN BY THAT?
HMM, I GUESS
WE ORDERED OUT.
OH, AND THIS IS
MY SISTER CINDY.
HELLO, CINDY.
IT'S A PLEASURE
TO MEET YOU.
Heffer:
OH, I FORGOT.
CINDY TOOK
A VOW OF SILENCE.
( whispers ):
YOUR FAMILY ARE WOLVES?
OH, I WAS ADOPTED.
I DIDN'T REALIZE.
SO, WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE
SOME EMBARRASSING PICTURES
OF ME AS A CHILD?
SURE.
VIRGINIA,
SHE'S STILL ALIVE.
NOW, DEAR, JUST BE GLAD
HE GOT HER HERE AT ALL.
WELL,I THINK HE'S GETTING
A LITTLE  TOO FRIENDLY
WITH THE MAIN COURSE!
WELL... ( chuckles )
HEFFER'S ALWAYS BEEN
VERY FOND OF FOOD.
WHY CAN'T I HAVE
ANY NORMAL OFFSPRING?
THE FRUIT NEVER FALLS
FAR FROM THE TREE, DAD.
( laughing )
( growls )
HEY, HEFF
WHAT'S WITH
THE ANTLERS?
OH, I FORGOT I HAD THESE ON.
( Elkie gasps )
YOU'RE NOT AN ELK?!
OH, HECK, NO.
I WORE THESE
TO GET INTO THE ELK'S CLUB.
I'M DATING A COW?
WELL, STEER.
I'M DATING A STEER?
YOU TWO ARE DATING?
NOT ANYMORE!
WHAT? HE'S NOT
GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU?
WHOA, HEFFER'S
DATING OUR DINNER.
DINNER?!
SO WHAT
IF HE'S NOT AN ELK?
HE'S NOT A WOLF EITHER,
BUT WE LOVE HIM ANYWAY.
DINNER?
IF I'M GOING TO GET
DINNER ON THE TABLE
I'LL HAVE TO GET ELKIE
IN THE OVEN SOON.
George:
NOT NOW, VIRGINIA!
OH, OKEY-DOKEY.
IN THE OVEN?!
I'M NOT GETTING IN ANY OVEN.
THAT'S FINE WITH ME;
RAW OR COOKED, I'M NOT PICKY.
( farts )
OH, NO, WE HAVE GOT TO COOK HER.
MOTHER MADE A SPECIAL MARINADE
FOR THE OCCASION.
WAIT A MINUTE.
ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT COOKING ELKIE
AND SERVING HER FOR DINNER?!
WELL, DUH.
OH... WELL,
I WON'T HAVE IT.
( gasping )
WELL, I'M EATING SOMEBODY,
I'M STARVED.
NOW, SON, THIS IS
A WOLF FAMILY TRADITION
THAT HAS BEEN HONORED
FOR GENERATIONS.
YOU DON'T WANT TO DISAPPOINT ME,
YOUR MOTHER
AND THE PACK ELDERS, DO YOU?
WELL...
UH, I'M LATE FOR AN
EMERGENCY HAIR APPOINTMENT.
NO, WAIT, ELKIE.
I DON'T CARE
ABOUT TRADITION.
NOBODY'S EATING MY DATE!
HUFFY.
I'M REALLY SORRY MY FAMILY
TRIED TO EAT YOU.
I HAD NO IDEA.
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
I KNOW HOW
FAMILIES CAN BE.
YEAH.
LOOK, ELKIE
I'M SORRY I'M NOT THE ELK
YOU THOUGHT I WAS
BUT IF YOU EVER WANT
TO PURSUE A RELATIONSHIP
WITH A DOMESTICATED FARM ANIMAL,
YOU KNOW WHERE TO FIND ME.
WELL, HEFFER, IN ANOTHER PLACE,
ANOTHER TIME, MAYBE...
NO, YOU'D STILL BE A COW.
STEER.
WHATEVER.
LISTEN, WE HAD
A GREAT TIME
TOGETHER
WHILE IT LASTED.
I'LL NEVER FORGET YOU.
BYE, ELKIE.
( whimpering )
LOOK, DAD, I'M SORRY
I DISAPPOINTED YOU.
WELL, IT'S, IT'S...
IT'S OKAY, HEFFER, UH...
IT WAS ACTUALLY PRETTY...
PRETTY GUTSY OF YOU
TO STAND UP
FOR YOUR BELIEFS.
REALLY?
YEAH, I, I GUESS SO.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT YOUR MOM SAYS.
OH, OH, AND, UM...
APPARENTLY, WE STILL LOVE YOU.
THANKS, DAD.
OH, ISN'T THAT TOUCHING?
OH, I'M GOING TO PUKE.
( farts )
I'M STILL HUNGRY!
SO WHAT ARE WE GOING
TO DO ABOUT MY MANHOOD?
YEAH, WELL,
WE'LL THINK OF SOMETHING.
George:
AND SO IT IS WITH GREAT PRIDE
THAT I PLACE THIS HAT
ON MY SON'S HEAD
AND I DECLARE HIM AN ADULT.
SO YOUR SON FINALLY
CAUGHT HIMSELF AN ELK, EH?
YES, YES, HE DID.
AND THE WHOLE FAMILY
HAD ELK MEAT FOR DINNER.
WELL, SOY-BASED
ELK SUBSTITUTE.
SHH!
( all howling )
MOO!
( rumba playing )
( coughing )
( sneezing )
HEY, YOU GOT
ANOTHER COPY OF THIS?
WHAT'S WRONG WITH THIS ONE?
IT'S GOT SNOT ALL OVER IT.
( snorting )
THERE YOU GO, MATE,
NICE AND DRY.
Mr. Smitty:
ROCKO!
GET IN HERE!
( shoes squeaking )
YES, MR. SMITTY?
HERE, THIS IS FOR YOU.
YOU'RE...
YOU'RE FIRING ME AGAIN?
WHAT? FIRED?
NO, NOT THIS TIME.
IT'S ABOUT SOME KIND OF AWARD.
NOW, GET OUT!
"WE ARE PLEASED TO INFORM YOU
OF YOUR NOMINATION TO RECEIVE
"THE COMIC BOOK SOCIETY
'SERVICE WITH A SMILE AWARD'
AT OUR ANNUAL BANQUET
SATURDAY NIGHT."
♪ GONNA WASH THESE DAGS
RIGHT OUT OF MY HAIR ♪
♪ DON'T GOT A WORRY,
DON'T GOT A CARE ♪
♪ NOT EVEN MY LAUNDRY... ♪
( gargling )
( squeaking )
( spits )
( humming )
( doorbell chimes )
HEY, ROCK, YOU WANT TO...
EXCUSE ME, HEFF.
PEW!
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
YOU TOOK A BATH?
( sniffs )
I DON'T KNOW.
HEY, COOL DUDS.
YOU GOT A DATE OR SOMETHING?
SORT OF. I'M ON MY WAY
TO AN AWARDS BANQUET.
BANQUET? WHOO, I'M THERE.
HEFFER,
IT'S BLACK-TIE.
SO IT'S BLACK-TIE.
TA-DA!
BLACK TIE.
( big band music playing )
SURE IS A BIG CROWD
HERE TONIGHT.
HEFFER, HOW DO I LOOK?
I MEAN,
IS MY TIE ON STRAIGHT?
IS MY HAIR OKAY?
DO I STINK?
( gulps )
( sniffs )
WHAT SMELLS LIKE FISH?
YOUR TIE.
WELL, THEN,
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL, MAN.
WHAT'S BOTHERING YOU?
I'M A BIT NERVOUS
ABOUT THIS AWARD BUSINESS.
WHAT IF I WIN? WHAT DO I DO?
TAKE IT EASY, ROCK.
YOU'LL BE FINE.
YOU JUST CLUTCH
THE AWARD LIKE THIS...
SAY "THANK YOU VERY MUCH"
A COUPLE OF TIMES
MENTION MY NAME,
TELL A LITTLE JOKE.
THAT'S IT, YOU'RE DONE.
JOKE? I'M NO COMEDIAN.
I JUST HAVE A FUNNY ACCENT.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT, ROCK.
I'LL GIVE YOU A JOKE
EVEN  YOU CAN TELL.
Announcer:
Ladies and gentlemen,
our nominees
for the "Service
with a Smile Award" are...
Cosmo Walrus
Joan Crawfish
Veronica Blubberman
and Rocko...
no last name given.
( laughing )
AND THE WINNER IS...
ROCKO!
I WON.
I WON!
( laughing )
( crashing )
UH, SORRY, MISS.
( laughing nervously )
HERE'S YOUR AWARD,
IDIOT.
( laughing nervously )
( microphone feedback )
UM, UM, WELL, UM...
WELL...
THANK YOU.
HELLO.
( sparse applause )
I'D LIKE TO, UM, UH...
THANK ALL THE LITTLE PEOPLE
WHO MADE THIS POSSIBLE.
Heffer:
THE JOKE!
WHAT?
TELL THE JOKE.
OH, OH, OH, YEAH.
UH, HMM, UM...
THESE TWO WALNUTS WALK
INTO A PUB WITH A DUCK
AND, UH... AND, YOU SEE...
AND, UM, ONE OF THE DUCKS, UM...
IS, UH...
IS ASSAULTED!
( woman screams )
( crowd laughing uproariously )
BLIMEY, HEFF, THAT WAS
A GREAT JOKE YOU TOLD ME.
IT KILLED THEM.
IT WASN'T THE JOKE.
IT'S THAT HUGE CHUNK
OF SPINACH ON YOUR TEETH.
WHAT?
( screams )
OH, YEAH.
IT LOOKS LIKE
A BIG GREEN RUG
IN YOUR MOUTH.
( laughing )
HERE, LOOK.
( screaming )
( spits )
( shrieks )
( screams )
( wearily ):
Bad stuff happened
everywhere today.
( excitedly ):
On the lighter side
at the Comic Book
Award Banquet tonight
a small wallaby
with a  big dental problem.
( laughing )
So remember, kids,
brush after every meal.
THIS THING'LL GET RID
OF THAT SPINACH.
( announcer continues laughing )
( hammering, screaming )
Man ( on P.A. ):
Dr. Ben Dovah to admitting,
Dr. Ben Dovah to admitting.
( monitor beeping )
( snoring )
( shrieking ):
OH, I GOT SPINACH SLIME ON ME.
I GOT TO GET CLEANED UP.
DID SOMEONE SAY CLEAN?
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M CLEAN GENE
THE HYGIENE MACHINE.
I CAN HELP YOU
WITH YOUR PROBLEM DIRT.
AND YOU DO
HAVE A DIRT PROBLEM.
LET'S HOSE YOU.
( spluttering )
HMM...
( sniffing )
EWW! STILL STINKY.
THERE, NOW I WON'T
CATCH ANYTHING.
UH, SAY, DO YOU
THINK YOU CAN HELP
GET MY TEETH CLEAN?
MAYBE.
BUT FIRST I'LL SHOW YOU
A LITTLE FILM ABOUT HYGIENE.
LIGHTS!
PAY ATTENTION NOW
YOU UNSANITARY
LITTLE COCKROACH.
Announcer:
Say Hi! to hygiene.
Hygiene--
The principles
of maintaining good health
through proper cleanliness.
This is Jimmy.
( dog barking )
( sniffing )
He has poor hygiene.
Let's go, boys!
She's going to blow!
( children shouting )
Poor Jimmy.
He'd have more friends
if he'd bathe once in a while.
Tsk, tsk.
Bad Jimmy.
Poor Jimmy.
A little oral hygiene
could have saved those teeth.
With good hygiene
you'll not only
have more friends
and be less offensive
to those around you...
( whistling and chugging )
you could live longer.
So remember, kids,
don't be a Jimmy.
( wobbly ):
Wash those stinky places
and say Hi! to hygiene.
( scratching )
( crying )
OH, THAT ONE GETS ME EVERY TIME.
( clears throat )
WHAT ABOUT GETTING
MY TEETH CLEAN?
STINK BLOSSOM, YOU GOT
OTHER PARTS THAT NEED CLEANING.
WHAT?
HEY!
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU SWABBED?
OH, LOOK,
BURIED TREASURE.
ARGH! YOU'LL NOT BE
SWABBIN' THIS TREASURE.
NOW WE
WRING YOU OUT.
HMM...
LOOK AT THIS GREASY MESS.
AND I SUPPOSE NOW
YOU'RE GOING TO TELL ME
YOUR TEETH ARE CLEAN?
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
SPINACH TOOTH.
NOW, THIS IS GOING
TO HURT YOU A LOT MORE
THAN IT'S GOING TO HURT ME.
( gulps )
OPEN WIDE.
( whirring )
( Rocko screaming )
OW!
HELLO, ROCKO.
LET'S HAVE
A LOOK, SHALL WE?
GIVE US A SMILE.
WELL...
THAT OPERATION WAS A SUCCESS.
UNFORTUNATELY,
THIS X-RAY OF YOUR HEAD
TURNED UP A NEW PROBLEM.
YOUR MIND.
IT'S FILTHY!
WE MUST GO BACK IN.
AND CLEAN IT.
( screaming )
YOU ARE A LUCKY
DIRTY HEAD, THOUGH.
WE HAVE A SPECIAL THIS WEEK
ON BRAIN WASHES!
( Rocko screaming )
COME BACK,
MY LITTLE POO-BISCUIT.
SHOOPY?
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION]
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]